Update `dvc plots` output. (#3110)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/plots/diff.md

                      [--targets [<paths> [<paths> ...]]]
                      [-t <name_or_path>] [-x <field>] [-y <field>]
                      [--no-header] [--title <text>]

>                       [--x-label <text>] [--y-label <text>] [-o <folder>]

Reviewer: it's still path though? (also I think we use `directory` usually)

  $ dvc plots diff --targets t1.json t2.csv -- HEAD v1 v2
  ```

> - `-o <path>, --out <path>` - destination directory of the `html` plot. By
>   default, `dvc_plots`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `-o <path>, --out <path>` - specify a directory to write the HTML file
  containing the plots (`dvc_plots/` by default).
```
